Add some multi-cluster resources template YAML files (#3736)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/multicluster/user-guide.md

* Create below `ClusterClaim` and `ClusterSet` in the member cluster `test-cluster-east`.

Note: Update `server: "https://172.18.0.2:6443"` in `ClusterSet` resource to

> the correct the leader cluster API address. And you can refer to the YAML file `./multicluster/config/samples/clusterset_init/multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml`

Author: done

> the correct the leader cluster API address. You can refer to the template YAML file `./multicluster/config/samples/clusterset_init/multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the correct the leader cluster API address. You can refer to the template YAML file `[multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml](../../multicluster/config/samples/clusterset_init/multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml)`
```
Perhaps more friendly to use a link for reference.

Author: thanks for comments. Done.

> the correct the leader cluster API address. You can refer to the template YAML file [multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml](../../multicluster/config/samples/clusterset_init/multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the correct the leader cluster API address. You can refer to the template YAML file [multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml](../../multicluster/config/samples/clusterset_init/multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml).
```

Author: done

> the correct the leader cluster API address. You can refer to the template YAML file [multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml](../../multicluster/config/samples/clusterset_init/multicluster_membercluster_template.yaml).

Reviewer: same as below

    namespace: antrea-mcs-ns
```

> * Create `ClusterClaim` and `ClusterSet` in the leader cluster `test-cluster-north`. A sample is like below, you can also refer to the template `./multicluster/config/samples/multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml`

Reviewer: ditto

Author: thanks for comments. Done.

> * Create `ClusterClaim` and `ClusterSet` in the leader cluster `test-cluster-north`.  If you want to create the ClusterSet yourself, you can refer to the template `./multicluster/config/samples/multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Create `ClusterClaim` and `ClusterSet` in the leader cluster `test-cluster-north`. A sample is like below, you can also refer to the template `./multicluster/config/samples/multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml`
```

> * Create `ClusterClaim` and `ClusterSet` in the leader cluster `test-cluster-north`. A sample is like below, you can also refer to the template [multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml](../../multicluster/config/samples/multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create `ClusterClaim` and `ClusterSet` in the leader cluster `test-cluster-north`. A sample is like below, you can also refer to the template [multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml](../../multicluster/config/samples/multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml).
```

Author: done

> * Create `ClusterClaim` and `ClusterSet` in the leader cluster `test-cluster-north`. A sample is like below, you can also refer to the template [multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml](../../multicluster/config/samples/multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml).

Reviewer: the path is wrong (benefitted from the link check)

since you need to make a change, maybe also remove "the template":

you can also refer to [multicluster_clusterset_template.yaml](...).

Author: done
